Scenario Explanation 
A company called SkillUp Training Center conducts different technical training programs.
They have trainers, courses, and the training sessions they conduct.

To manage all the details, the company uses a database called TrainingDB.


---

Database Name: TrainingDB

This database stores all information about:

Trainers working in the company

Courses offered

Training sessions conducted by trainers



TABLE DETAILS & PURPOSE


---

1️.Trainer Table

Table Name: Trainer

Purpose:

Stores details of each trainer working in the training center.

Fields:

Column	Description

TrainerID (PK)	Unique ID for each trainer 
TrainerName	Name of the trainer
Experience	Number of years of experience


Example Data:

TrainerID	TrainerName	Experience

1	Arun	5
2	Kavi	2
3	Ravi	8
4	Meera	3


Why this table?

To identify who is conducting the training and to filter trainers based on experience.


---

2️.Course Table

Table Name: Course

Purpose:

Stores all courses offered by the training center.

Fields:

Column	Description

CourseID (PK)	Unique ID for each course
CourseName	Name of the course
Level	Difficulty level (Beginner / Advanced)



Why this table?

This table helps understand which courses are beginner or advanced and for checking subqueries based on course level.


---

3️.Training Table

Table Name: Training

Purpose:

Stores details of each training session (which trainer conducted which course and on what date).

Fields:

Column	Description

TrainingID (PK)	Unique ID for each training session
TrainerID (FK)	Trainer who conducted the session
CourseID (FK)	Course that was taught
TrainingDate	Date of training


Why this table?

This table links trainers with the courses they taught.
It is the main table for subquery practice because it contains relationships between both Trainer and Course.



1️.Find trainers whose experience is above average.

2️.Find courses taught by the trainer with highest experience.

3️.Find the trainer who conducted the latest training.

4️.Count trainings for Python.

5️.Find trainers who conducted training after March 2024.

6️.Find all courses that have at least one training session.

7️.Find earliest training session.

8️.Find the course with maximum training sessions.

9️.Find trainers who taught advanced courses.

10.Find courses that are not beginner.